Introduce Valkey Over RDMA transport (experimental) (#477)
valkey-io/valkey: README.md

    % make BUILD_TLS=yes

To build with RDMA support you'll need RDMA development libraries (e.g.
librdmacm-dev and libibverbs-dev on Debian/Ubuntu). For now, Valkey only

> supports RDMA as connection module mode. Run:

Reviewer: People don't always read docs so I want to mention the word "experimental" here.

```suggestion
To build with experimental RDMA support you'll need RDMA development libraries
(e.g. librdmacm-dev and libibverbs-dev on Debian/Ubuntu). For now, Valkey only
supports RDMA as connection module mode. Run:
```

Reviewer 2: But this is a doc! :)

Seriously, I agree, put that word in as many places as possible.  Maybe even put it in a warning in the log.

Please consult the [TLS.md](TLS.md) file for more information on
how to use Valkey with TLS.

Running Valkey with RDMA:
------------------

> Note that Valkey Over RDMA is only supported by Linux currently.

Reviewer: Here too, let's flag it as experimental, so it can't be missed.

```suggestion
Note that Valkey Over RDMA is an experimental feature.
It may be changed or removed in any minor or major version.
Currently, it is only supported on Linux.
```
